from palanthas west gate go w&s-ish, follow stream
once in Fyzian, stuck in maze. Somewhere se corner is aggro man with scrolls
- dreaming is sacred ward, history is prot evil?, damnation is what?
In village, e door has fireplace with grate, move grate, then head n-ish.
Eventually find room going u. Go u then n back to stream to Palanthas.
Above tunnel is rock. S of rock is Fyzian village.


FYZIAN VILLAGE
==============

BACKGROUND:

For centuries there existed a small village of dwarf-like creatures known
only as the Fyzians.  They lived in relative obscurity for years,
preferring to allow the other major races of Krynn explore one another
while they quietly farmed.  What little is known of them comes from the
rumor and speculations of passing journeyman.  Some said the Fyzians were
giants who exploited any who entered their territory.  Others maintained
they were no bigger than pixies who would rather hide and giggle than talk.
All that was certain is that their greatest desire was to be left in peace,
but that desire was to be shattered by a madman.

Fueled by rumors of treasures stored in the catacombs under the village of
Fyze, an old man made his way into the village and descended into its
underground passages.  Before the Fyzians could react to the trespasser's
presence, he seeded the fields with a mysterious plant, which could grow in
any environment and effectively hid the village.  He then set to securing
his newly acquired wealth by setting traps on the levels above him and
locking each level with a riddle.  It is believed the madman still resides
in the Fyzian underground, though his presence has not been seen above
ground since his descent.

RECOMMENDED LEVELS:

The village is inhabited by the peaceful Fyzians, but little is known of
the dangers held in the catacombs below.  The last rumors which escaped the
village before the madman seeded the fields said that every creature from
the undead to dragons lived beneath the village.  It was also last reported
that mid level adventurers [12-18] would be able to survive below ground,
but much may have changed since those reports.

LOCATION:

Some peasants reports having seen small and strange looking creatures that
resembles something like a dwarf.  Such sightings have not been confirmed,
but generally, they have been reportedly seen near farms outside of
Palanthas.

CREATED BY:

Archimedes



FYZIAN SMUGGLERS TUNNELS
========================

BACKGROUND:

Following the infestation of hymox plants in the fields around the village
of Fyze by the insane riddle king, some Fyzians chose to leave the surface
and venture below ground. In the futile hope of avoiding the resilient
hymox plants, they dug a series of tunnels below the village adjacent to
the ancient catacombs. It was these Fyzians belief that only through
living below ground could the unique way of life they had fought so hard
to preserve could be saved. They were wrong.

It didn't take long for the Fyzians below ground and the Fyzians in the
village to detest each other. Those in the village saw the ones below
ground as deserters, while those in the tunnels saw the ones in the village
as cowards for never fighting. The tension was intensified when the Fyzians
in the tunnels turned to smuggling goods in and out of the village as a
means of supporting themselves, despite the riddle king's desire for
complete isolation. In response the villagers began patrolling the village
for smugglers, always praying the riddle king wouldn't take his anger out
on them.

And so the uneasy peace continued, each side silently pushing at the
other. While the village patrols have cut down on the smuggler raids, it is
said that the smuggler have a new source of support. Rumors in the village
whisper that the smugglers have developed the hymox plants into a powerful
narcotic, a drug which they willingly distribute. But it is also said the
tunnels hold services the villagers cannot find elsewhere.

RECOMMENDED LEVELS:

The tunnels are inhabited by a tougher breed of Fyzians, primarily men who
have slinked below ground since the initial hymox infestation. They are
believed to be tougher than their cousins in the village above ground, but
nobody knows for sure what tricks lie in the tunnels. It is probably safe
for mid level adventurers (10-16) to travel into the tunnels.

LOCATIONS:

Even though the Fyzian patrols in the village have cut off almost all
travel between the village and the tunnels, it is believed there is still at
least one entrance from within the village. There is probably also one
outside the village so the Fyzians below can distribute their goods, but
there is no way to tell.

CREATED BY:

Archimedes
